---
title: 10.2.2024
slug: 10-02-2024
tags: [journal, dreams, feeling]
pubDate: 10.2.2024
---

## Sat

I'm full of verve. projects. doing. create, create.

### Dreams

I dreamed of being powerful. And even though I was hurting other people it still felt good. I forgot almost everything but that feeling of invincibility. A feeling pure and numb, so it feels like nothing can touch it. After I woke up from the dream, I considered recording it, but chose oblivion, as usual.

Somewhere, somehow, I have felt that invincibility before, even if just for 2 seconds. It has great allure, even now as a distant memory. I came here to ponder why in this dream power was coupled with brutality and causing harm. But now I'm like _yesss, one could spend their life chasing that feelingggg, nnyess, one could KILL to feel it again_.

Makes me wonder. Chasing feelings. Arranging your life so that you feel content\busy\angry and not sad, make it so you wake up in a bed instead of a sleeping bag, sprinkle adrenaline into your week so that it doesn't seem like such a drag. Chasing highs, fearing lows. A strange bend in the tissue of spacetime around the comfort zone that spacemonkeys like me tend to fall into. And that feeling of power that seems so tied to _invincibility_. Who of us fragile creatures wouldn't want to feel invincible? I bet people have been chasing that high for a while. Could it be useful when it's not compulsive -- to feel this once in a while? _I AM INVINCIBLE AND I AM GOING TO DESTROY PATRIARCHY, MOTHERFUCKERS, AIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE_. But then, how much effort am I ready to spend to learn how to feel it? I might be more of the take-it-as-life-gives-dishes-it-out-type.

But then I remember breathing in bed last night (it was like 4 hours of insomnia. not so miserable this time tho). And feeling something big. There were these spurts of anxiety that I could pretty reliably produce when breathing in a certain way (I'm not sure I can verbalize the pattern tho). But they were just solar flares and I sensed something larger under there, roiling.

I was like, _accept, accept this. Don't try to change it, it's not gonna go away tonight. The way through this is through acceptance._ And so I tried accepting it and let the breathing go naturally, without forcing too much. But something deep -- another layer so deep I sense it more than I feel it -- really, **desperately** doesn't want to feel this commotion, this heat, this tickling sense of _something is wrong_.

And so we lay there and passed the time together.
