---
title: 33
pubDate: 19.01.2023
tags: [feeling, doing]
---

I wanna write about a particular feeling today.

When I'm not down and out, I generally do a lot of things. Projects, plans. Dreams and ambitions. Things won't just pursue themselves. I wanna make sure I'm there to pursue them all, living a life of unrealistic expectations, always on edge and a little frustrated: _I could have done a little better. Or a little more. Or a little faster, I'm sure_

Doing things. And between and around these things a constant sense of pressure. Rushing from one pomodoro to the next. Always thinking about the next item on the agenda, that problem that I didn't solve in 5 minutes or that awesome idea I wanna do when I finally have time, or or or...

While I'm working, eating, working out, pooping, watching a movie, riding my bike. It goes on and on.

Such days can get quite busy and this busyness can easily reach from 10-23h, occupying a good chunk of my waking time.

By an algorithm that no one has ever explicitly taught me (more on that later, maybe) almost every thing I do is balanced towards generating _more energy_, _better results_... I'm not even sure what, exactly. But the ultimate goal doesn't seem to be about happiness. _Work smarter, play more beautifully, rest more efficiently. Every ship taking route: optimization._

In this scheme a meal feels like a chore. I'm chewing on whatever while yearning to go back to work. A bike ride seems like _scheduled relaxing time_. Better recharge my batteries! Playing music becomes another thing _I have to do_.

I think this feeling has been with me for a long time, but recently I've been feeling it more and more. It's so pervasive, so deep a part of me and my day that it's taken some time to even notice it. I wanna explore it and see what's in there.

### Symptoms

I feel it in my stomach. A dense heaviness, a fear. A heat of some sort.
Around it a fear, anxiety, sometimes. A desperate something? A frustrated kid that can't have it all?

There's a sense of jumping from one thing to the next. The project is dead, long live the project! I think this could be a sign that I'm choosing the wrong projects. But maybe it's also about how I approach them.

Each project seems to assume this significance that's kind of out of place. I easily start obsessing to the point of having difficulty sleeping. One idea chases the next. Always in that problem-solving-mode (or is it problem-making?). My mind seems fertile, but so are weeds, man.

This happens even with music. I catch myself tensing up when I play or produce. I feel a tension around it, too - _better make some music today, stay in shape, keep practicing!_ It's a tension that squeezes all the joy out of the thing.

It seems like a sort of emotional over-investment. Things that I started doing cuz they were fun and interesting have grown into these all-consuming behemoths, casting heavy shadows. Places that I sought out to find peace and wonder became gyms and institutions to _grow_ and _practice_.

Everything is _practice_.
Everything I do I do to become a _better_ person.
Everything I learn can be used as an _asset_.

---

### Next Time

#### Time

_as in: running against it_

_as in: if every day feels the same, things get kinda wonky_
